Mr. Lu
You have a lot.
Just forget about me as a fart
What's the matter? You want me to go first?
Mr. Lu
Don't push me
Is it not good for everyone to be friendly?
Lu, I gave you face, right?
I'll call you Mr. Lu
You are the chairperson of Hengyuan
I don't call you a dog, not a roar
Is this Hengyuan clip?
Hahaha, you are Hengyuan's largest investor.
So what?
The whole Hengyuan belongs to my Zhao family
The Zhao family is very powerful in Jiangcheng
Why do you take back Hengyuan?
Just because I am Lu Yun
Shit doesn't know what power is
Well, you don't know what power is
Thousands of false forces can be attributed to the power of several bodies
What nonsense is beautiful?
I can't let you out of this door today.
Okay, I'll tell you what pseudo-profit is.
First time
Mr. Lu, please be punished.
Come on, yeah.
answer
Who the hell are you?
There are adults who kneel down to you
This is Xiaoyun
Is it Xiaoyun?
He made a fortune
Xiao Yun, I will never dare again. Please forgive me.
I, I, I would like to be a dog for you.
Be a dog for you
Dependable but not available
I just gave you a chance
Get rid of them all.
Hit him and go to Mr. Lu, please let Mr. Lu of the Zhao family go
Please, then I can't let ah ah ah
Little beast, I'm waiting for you in hell
The hero came to your house to propose marriage today
Your wife is going to marry someone else, saying life is better than death
Hahahaha
Say what?